README.md, before:

# collectd Omnibus project

This project creates full-stack platform-specific packages for
`collectd`!

## Installation

We'll assume you have Ruby 1.9+ and Bundler installed. First ensure all
required gems are installed and ready to use:

```shell
$ bundle install --binstubs
```

## Usage

### Build

You create a platform-specific package using the `build project` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus build project collectd
```

The platform/architecture type of the package created will match the platform
where the `build project` command is invoked. So running this command on say a
MacBook Pro will generate a Mac OS X specific package. After the build
completes packages will be available in `pkg/`.

### Clean

You can clean up all temporary files generated during the build process with
the `clean` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus clean
```

Adding the `--purge` purge option removes __ALL__ files generated during the
build including the project install directory (`/opt/collectd`) and
the package cache directory (`/var/cache/omnibus/pkg`):

```shell
$ bin/omnibus clean --purge
```

### Help

Full help for the Omnibus command line interface can be accessed with the
`help` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus help
```

## Vagrant-based Virtualized Build Lab

Every Omnibus project ships will a project-specific
[Berksfile](http://berkshelf.com/) and [Vagrantfile](http://www.vagrantup.com/)
that will allow you to build your projects on the following platforms:

* CentOS 5 64-bit
* CentOS 6 64-bit
* Ubuntu 10.04 64-bit
* Ubuntu 11.04 64-bit
* Ubuntu 12.04 64-bit

Please note this build-lab is only meant to get you up and running quickly;
there's nothing inherent in Omnibus that restricts you to just building CentOS
or Ubuntu packages. See the Vagrantfile to add new platforms to your build lab.

The only requirements for standing up this virtualized build lab are:

* VirtualBox - native packages exist for most platforms and can be downloaded
from the [VirtualBox downloads page](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
* Vagrant 1.2.1+ - native packages exist for most platforms and can be downloaded
from the [Vagrant downloads page](http://downloads.vagrantup.com/).

The [vagrant-berkshelf](https://github.com/RiotGames/vagrant-berkshelf) and
[vagrant-omnibus](https://github.com/schisamo/vagrant-omnibus) Vagrant plugins
are also required and can be installed easily with the following commands:

```shell
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-berkshelf
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-omnibus
```

Once the pre-requisites are installed you can build your package across all
platforms with the following command:

```shell
$ vagrant up
```

If you would like to build a package for a single platform the command looks like this:

```shell
$ vagrant up PLATFORM
```

The complete list of valid platform names can be viewed with the
`vagrant status` command.

Commit message:

Add README note about cmake

README.md, after:

# collectd Omnibus project

This project creates full-stack platform-specific packages for
`collectd`!

## Installation

NOTE: This requires the build system to have cmake installed. This really should be fixed on the Opscode omnibus cookbook, but I'm lazy, so it's hacked in the Vagrantfile (only supports centOS in its current form).

We'll assume you have Ruby 1.9+ and Bundler installed. First ensure all
required gems are installed and ready to use:

```shell
$ bundle install --binstubs
```

## Usage

### Build

You create a platform-specific package using the `build project` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus build project collectd
```

The platform/architecture type of the package created will match the platform
where the `build project` command is invoked. So running this command on say a
MacBook Pro will generate a Mac OS X specific package. After the build
completes packages will be available in `pkg/`.

### Clean

You can clean up all temporary files generated during the build process with
the `clean` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus clean
```

Adding the `--purge` purge option removes __ALL__ files generated during the
build including the project install directory (`/opt/collectd`) and
the package cache directory (`/var/cache/omnibus/pkg`):

```shell
$ bin/omnibus clean --purge
```

### Help

Full help for the Omnibus command line interface can be accessed with the
`help` command:

```shell
$ bin/omnibus help
```

## Vagrant-based Virtualized Build Lab

Every Omnibus project ships will a project-specific
[Berksfile](http://berkshelf.com/) and [Vagrantfile](http://www.vagrantup.com/)
that will allow you to build your projects on the following platforms:

* CentOS 5 64-bit
* CentOS 6 64-bit
* Ubuntu 10.04 64-bit
* Ubuntu 11.04 64-bit
* Ubuntu 12.04 64-bit

Please note this build-lab is only meant to get you up and running quickly;
there's nothing inherent in Omnibus that restricts you to just building CentOS
or Ubuntu packages. See the Vagrantfile to add new platforms to your build lab.

The only requirements for standing up this virtualized build lab are:

* VirtualBox - native packages exist for most platforms and can be downloaded
from the [VirtualBox downloads page](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
* Vagrant 1.2.1+ - native packages exist for most platforms and can be downloaded
from the [Vagrant downloads page](http://downloads.vagrantup.com/).

The [vagrant-berkshelf](https://github.com/RiotGames/vagrant-berkshelf) and
[vagrant-omnibus](https://github.com/schisamo/vagrant-omnibus) Vagrant plugins
are also required and can be installed easily with the following commands:

```shell
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-berkshelf
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-omnibus
```

Once the pre-requisites are installed you can build your package across all
platforms with the following command:

```shell
$ vagrant up
```

If you would like to build a package for a single platform the command looks like this:

```shell
$ vagrant up PLATFORM
```

The complete list of valid platform names can be viewed with the
`vagrant status` command.
